The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Like the last one to come up with a good one was like Scientology.
Right? That's the last one that stuck. So that was, was, was that 20th?
El Hubbard? Yeah, just 20th science fiction author, by the way.
And really genius, really bad science fiction author really bad, but it.
Talks a lot and says a lot to the power of per suaion. You ever read.
His stuff? No, I, I, I, you need to read his stuff. Okay.
Is it like Harry Potter? It's all first draft. There's never a second draft.
It's the most nonsense and narcissistic, but it's bonkers.
Like it's the stuff it's bonkers. Like some of the, some of the reading,
like he would write these stories and he would get paid, like, you know,
like a penny word or some like that.
And he would write like a bunch of 'em for like strange times magazine and
stuff, like way back in the day. Like,
this is what he did before he created Scientology.
He wrote these stories and you know,
like what was the one that John Travolta movie that they made battlefield earth.
That's.
Jamieie's a wizard. You are you on.
Just looking at it? You got that mushroom coffee. He's a wizard. Jesus.
Are you in AI? Did.
You ever see that? Did you ever see battlefield earth? It's oh.
With the eyebrows? Yes. Amazing. El Hubbar didn't write that. Yes you do.
Are you.
Kidding? Yes, did kidding.
And it was John travolti's like lifelong dream to turn that movie into one of
the most preposterous movies of all time. He turned that book.
He turned that book into a masterpiece. He looks.
Like every white guy who wishes. He was black. Look at the look at the dreads,
but.
Look at their they're supposed to be giant.
And the humans are these little tiny people pick.
Up by the next. Who is that? Is that.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
For whitakeer. Oh.
My God. Yeah. So anyway, this movie is, uh, it's like show girls.
You ever watch show girls for fun? A great movie for fun movie. It's so bad.
He' like, what in the? It's like, there's a lot of movies like that.
That are great because they're awful.
I need to rewatch this. Yeah.
He looks like a dude who hack sacks in a park during the day.
Please do this for me and for your fans.
<laugh> for me and for your fans spark up and do a fight companion
for battlefield earth.
You watch and battlefield for the first time and cue it up so that people could
watch along. They'll just see you,
but they could like watch battlefield earth on one screen and you and the other.
And if they cue it up at the same time, they'll get you reacting to the movie.
That's such a good, I'm gonna do that for the next podcast.
A great episode idea, right? That's a great idea.
I think you might have to have headphones on because you probably couldn't have
the content of it. Streaming.
I, I, my mind is blown that he wrote, he wrote this, let me check.
Oh, dude, this on, you gotta read some of the stuff he wrote.
You read some of the stuff he wrote and you go, this is.
Terrible. Is it? So is this like, is this it's bad? It's terrible.
It looks really good. It reminds me of like, it's.
So bad. It's just like, what is, what the are you doing? Doing,
are you.
Doing? But people like that. And I've,
I've said this about Hitler and people who are, <laugh>
just people who have these massive capabilities of persueing
a, just a massive people.
Like, like El, Ron Hubbard.
El Ron Hubbard. It's like a missed opportunity to do something good. Well, this.
Have you ever read that book? Uh, Lawrence was Lawrence Wright's book.
Is that what it is clear? Is it, is it Lawrence Wright? Is that who wrote it?
I think it is. Um, the book on Scientologists. Amazing. I mean, amazing.
And they did a, uh, was it an HBO series he did on it?
Uh.
They did some anyway. It, it just, it's a book about, like, about books,
about it's a, about how he created it. How El Ron Hubbard created the, uh,
Alex giibney, Alex giibney director and screenplay. There must. Okay.
That's that? But there was a Lawrence, there was a book written too,
that looking for, yeah, there was a book written too, going clear.
Maybe it's going clear. That's what this is called. That's called going clear.
I wonder like, you know, in marketing, how there's like a tipping point to like,
where things become, like they're both, both titled the.
Same thing. So going clear Lawrence right too. Sorry. Oh, okay.
So I think the other one is the Alice giibney wreck. Did the law,
is that what it is? They're bothing yeah. Anyway, the, um,
the story behind it is he was self-help himself.
So he was psychologically kind of up and he was sort of self diagnosnosing and
selfmedicing give him self-therapy by taking a lot of these principles of, uh,
different self-help books and different psychology you books that he had read.
And then he started applying that.
And then he started putting that together with some like well UFOs, UFOs, and.
Theons. And so like Tony Robbins on crack. But.
When I forget what the director's name and the going clear on HBO,
it is it's amazing.
And one of 'em there's this guy who's a big time Hollywood guy who is in,
in Scientology. I forget what he did. He's a director, right?
He's Paul Haggas I think, yes, that guy and Paul, like, he's a really,
really respected Hollywood guy. Right. Makes movies.
And he's deep into this thing, right. Probably given him millions of dollars,
something like this.
And then finally he gets to read these handwritten notes that he's been waiting
for. Like, this is the you're onto the next level. And he is like, is this,
am I being trolled? Like he thinks it's like, almost like a test.
You believe next to level, like it's super Mario.
Brothers. Exactly. Like super Mario brothers, but.
That's kinda smart. That's smart marketing. Well, a fault, sense of achievement.
Like you've achieved something different. And that's like, what I was saying,
like, do you think how in marketing,
there's like a tipping point to when things become viral and more popular,
do you think there was like a tipping point to,
to Scientology just the floodgate opened and then everybody was sort of, well,
here's the thing following.
If you follow a lot of the tenants of things, like detics all these,
self-help 10, if you follow the good stuff,
you can actually do better and you'll do better because you're also focusing a,
in the fact that you're following this path, that's gonna do better.
So your intention, your focus and your during,
during your day is of improving mm-hmm <affirmative> and doing better and
applying all of that. Yeah. So a lot of people that,
whether they join this or whether they take something less benign,
like Tony Robbins stuff, which is very motivational, but without the cult,
mostly.
I mean, he's not your guru. Yeah.
He's he seems really good for a guy that's experienced what he's
experienced, right? Yes. To be that doing that kind of stuff for this long, I'm.
Actually reading awake, awake the beast within, I.
I read a limited power, like in 1989 or somemething. Yeah. It was great. Yeah.
It's a great, it's great. There's a lot of great stuff in it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but tho those people that, if you're,
if you're one of those people that's doing something like that.
Like the giant at the beast giant.
<Laugh>. Yeah. Who was the other example that I used? Um.
The, um, um, uh,
the other motivational dude with Jamie help.
<Laugh> how did we both forget? I said Tony Robbins and who else? Uh,
anyway,
point is there's people want something that
guides them in a positive direction. If they think it's gonna be Tony Robbins,
or if thing it's gonna be Scientology, they're trying to do better. Right.
So if you say, well, Scientology really helped my life. It did,
but why did it help your life?
It helped your life because you decided to focus on doing better in your life.
And you used the tenes of Scientology, which some of 'em are really good. Yeah.
I read DS. At least I read like a couple of chapters. It's.
Like religion.
There are aspects of it that you can apply to your life in positive from it.
But then there's look how focused Tom cruises tribals the tribal side.
That gets crazy with everything.
Though. Look how focused Tom cruises.
He is very focused. Where is he? Anybody know? He' he's.
In a bunker right now. He's an outer space. He' having his ankle.
He broken half doing mission. Impossible. Do you see that?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> here's see that.
Was that when he jumped on the, the wall, dude.
He's like.
How old is he? Se 172. He's at least.
56.
Years old. He's 5,000 years old. He's from another galaxy. 57.
Okay. Do you think he, he could take him down seven years old, 57 years old.
He jumps from one building all the way to the other with his rope attached
to him. And mishits it. And slams his ankle into the side of the building.
You see his foot compress his ankles. Fucksville why do they.
Allow exactly in what clause? In the, in the movie contract, are they like,
yeah, we're gonna have Tom. Or do you think he was like, it. I'm gonna do.
It. He's gonna do it. And you could eat all day because he's Tom cruise.
Sit down.
Yeah.
You can't handle the truth. Know that helicopter piloting.
For the.
Movie too.
Yeah, dude. He's he did it. He drove, he flew. Yeah. That's what they said and.
Showed. But he's a legit maniac. Like love him or hate him.
That guy is a legit man. Maniac, a badass actor. If you don't think he is,
watch interview with the vampire and shut the up. Yeah. That's a good one.
He was amazing. Also.
Legend for the, who are listening from the 1980s. Ladies from the eighties.
The legend. What? Yeah, he was Tom cruise was in the legend. He was,
do you remember that movie?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I do youremember are you you're a nerd. That's right.
You'd.
Watch that. I remember that movie. That was a dope movie. It was cur devil.
Really hanging.
On. No. Yes, no. It is. Why does he look like Donald Trump's.
Son?
No, this is him really hanging on right here. Oh.
No, no, no. I have chills. Yes. Oh God. Are you for real? Yes.
I have such a height. A like amazing. Do.
Do you understand how hard that is to do no.
This, I wouldn't.
Do it. This crazy. Hold it.
On to a plane. Now you attributed that to Scientology. Yes, it.
Has to be <laugh> it's the only way.
Only one only other way he could have done it. Crazy helicopter.
So also he's flying this helicopter for real.
So he's doing this crazy helicopter stunt. Wow. For real, by himself,
by himself, this maniac. What's a drives range cars.
Now, is that a death?
Is that a, do you remember when I said about playing pool, you watched someone,
he pull in a movie color of money, dark. He looked good and color of money.
He looked do. Like, do you think there's a level.
Of, um, socioopathy that's playing.
There. Why do you have to find negative? Why can't you just look.
At the, no, it was a question. I didn't say I offered a question out. They.
Are making it happen. Jesse May. Why you gotta look in the dark side. You look,
is this your man? Why is it this half empty Jesse man, listen,
I Don do look at these crashes that he has riding his motorcycle.
You just gotta think out of all the people that have done all the action movies,
who is who's wild in this. He's the wild. He's.
The Michael Jordan of action movies. He who's.
Wild than this. Like legitimately VIN.
Dieselel I just hrew. I just threw a name out there. I threw a name.
I threw a name.
I was like, he should be with that name. <laugh> it does.
In diesel.
I know it sounds don't. You have to be to make up that name then diesel.
It is a, it's a, it's a lot. It's a name that comes with a lot of attitude.
Do you think Tom cruise is like a, is he a dare devil or is it he's a,
does he think he's does,
do you think he thinks he's imortal because of Scientology? Mm.
I think he thinks he gets his own planet when he dies or is that a Mormon?
That's a Mormon, right? Mormons. Get their own planet. They do. Yeah. Yeah,
yeah. dude. There's a album from, uh,
Johnny and Marie or the Osman brothers. It's from the Osman brothers. And uh,
in the, inside the album, when you open it up,
it's from back in theay the album,
the name of the album is the name of this thing that happens when you get your
own planet, when you die. And then there's all these different people.
They all have their own planet. <laugh> inside the album. Okay.
We need to know that.
Uh, one title here. It is here it is. <laugh> it? The plan. Okay.
That looks like, is that it a cult?
Which one is it? Think it's.
That one? I think it's the one with the planet on it. Look at the pink people.
There's one that you open it up and then the inside of it,
it's got all the different, do I REM am I remembering we, no,
we did this before. I just, I know we did faster than Joe.
Rogan. You're atreasure chest of information.
No useless. I told you my Chimp brain is overused.
I can't imagine being like Tom cruise.
I can't imagine like someone is that it sounds like you can impossible to
imagine. And how you manage all that. I, I mean,
that's why the guy's jumping off buildings. He's hoping he falls.
You know't help.
Him manage it it anymore. Scientology. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's how he manages it. We need.
To start a new cult.
Even me is, so is,
excuse my ni naiveness in this situation is the, um,
headman in Scientology still God,
or is it Elron Hubbard is there is the entity that Don think, think.
It's he's, he's not the head guy. I mean,
they say things like to LRH and they salute him and.
But I think they think of him as like a guy who just sort of like brought them
the word.
And then the word is the true origin story of human beings with the thens.
And they were frozen. They threw into the volcano and the.
So it's not necessarily the word of God.
It's just the word of the aliens that he created in his books. It's.
Well, it's an alien thing. It's like, I think, to,
to paraphrase it and butcher it.
I think the idea is that you are like using this and then you
have this thing that's inside of you.
That really has come from like other galaxies.
And it was released here and now it's trapped inside your body or God,
some wacky. But the writing people believe that. Do the writing so bad.
You need to read. I, I can't.
Leave to Dodge, battlefield earth battle. I love a reason to watch a.
Movie. Please get high and do aycast please. You'll have to tell me.
You'll have to give me, I'm gonna ask you some pointers after.
So I make sure I nail it.
Just do it where it's just you and a bong and battlefield earth.
That's what it should be called.
<laugh> <laugh> me a B and battlefielder and just use it and just tape it.
Yeah. You sitting there on the couch.
Crisross applesau B and every now and then you're like, oh, oh my God.
He just hold on. You're like, this is so crazy.
Movie is so wacky,
but that movie's probably a million times better than the book. The book itself,
like I'm telling you, his writing was so awful that it's confusing. It's like,
how did he do this? And he even wrote, or he was quoted as saying,
if you really wanna make money,
start a religion really quoted saying that he would take pictures of him with,
uh, he had a captain's jacket on a bunch of medals. He gave himself <laugh>.
I mean, it's like, it sounds like mental ill.
Illness. <laugh> dude, you have to read going clear. It's CRA I didn't read it.
I did the audio show. Did you listen to it? I listen to it, but it's,
it's still reading. But's it's amazing. I actually going clear.
I read at least one or two of the chapters. I actually sat down and read it,
but most of it, I listened to. It's amazing. <laugh> it's amazing. Like,
can you realize like what he was? He was like this guy who was mentally ill,
who was trying to self-diagnose and then self heal and then came up with this
whole system of like dynamics,
this whole system of how to like manage your mind and, and, and met. And again,
for some people,
it actually is effective because he gives them a structure give, well, yeah,
I was gonna gonna say.
Maybe, you know,
the silver lining to his mania is that he managed his mania and then
made.
Cash. Yeah. But he is dead either way. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's,
that's what gets his to learn. Who knows? There's so much money.
Who' who't that trust?
They they're like one of the number one real estate holders in all of Los
Angeles.
It's creepy. When you drive by their, the main building and like.
Psychiatry kills. It's like, I got a guy with a head thing on electric.
Have you ever seen that? Yes. Yeah. They people that go into there,
they don't even know they're going into a Scientology building.
They think they're going in for some anti-psychiatry thing. It is.
It is a little, you know, the whole thing is misleading. The whole origin of it.
Is misleading. Well, what is misleading? The guy probably believed everything.
He said, he's probably out of his mind.
If you really pay attention to who Elron Hubbard was,
he seems like he was lying. Come ly. He was probably a maniac.
Was he a result of the CIA Ks?
No, no. He's pre this he's before all that <laugh> um, but, uh,
have you ever seen the interview where, um,
Tom cruise is on with Matt Lauer on the today show and Tom cruise is mad at
Brook shields is on psychiatric jugs.
Yes. And he's like reaching out to her through like,
he's he he's saying how he can, like what she needs to heal.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And he's, he's so intense, dude. He looksudeed.
He looks zooed on something. Look at his face. It's so intense.
I just think he's very adamant about this particular aspect of the
Scientology, um, belief system.
And one of the things is they don't believe in psychiatric drugs.
There's got it. I'm sure. I'm pretty sure they don't believe in any of those.
Right? It's not, but, but the conversation is so interesting.
I wonder if you did like a personality trait test of the people who are
followers of the Scientology religion,
what the common denominator is amongst them. Dude.
You really wanna see something amazing.
You wanna see Tom cruise is graduation in speech. What was that?
That one way he stood on the podium and they gave him like the most amazing man
of all time metal. They gave him a medal, like a gold medal.
It's the size of a hub cap. And it's hanging around his neck,
like flavor of flame <laugh> and he stayed,
look at this and somebody leaked this. It is amazing.
So the head guy of Scientology, that guy gets in front of him.
They so loot each other because they're in the army.
They hug like in a crazy,
like they both probably came there and then Tom cruise goes up.
They give him this gigantic dinner plate of a, uh, a metal.
And this, this is like a, a pump up what speech. It's like a pump-up speech.
That was like a, a Scientology thing. Look, it's my,
he won most awesome human of all time.
And so he's standing there in front of this huge globe behind him.
There's this huge image of the earth behind him,
this huge seal freedom medal.
Of Val valor.
Val freedom, metal of valor. It's amazing.
Most amazing person of all time medal. It.
Off of what, what.
The it ever. You hate her. <laugh> Jesus Christ. Everything with you is hate.
<Laugh> no, I'm just analyzinging.
But come on.
Imagine how crazy you have to be to stand there in front of these people with
this God dinner plate hanging off your neck.
And then at the end they salute to Elron Hubbard. They look,
they look at the picture of 'em they go to LRH. They do like this. It's amazing.
It's a secret society's it is not.
'S a photo. There's the photo of L what's with.
The decor. It looks like the inside of look'.
Sallurate see that everyone gets up and salutes to LRH.
Dude. He looks like the thing from ghost busters, dude.
I would, the painting would, I would like to join just for fun Hugo.
Remember that? See how much they can convince you. What is it?
Vigo, Vigo. You know what I'm talking.
About? How much could they convince you if you had to live like a Scientologist?
Like if you just said like, look,
I am going to do a thought experiment and I'm going to study all their work and
I'm going to, uh,
be non-critical about all this and I'm gonna live my life by and I'm gonna do it
for th three years. <laugh>.
Do you think people have tried to do that?
Probably just like for fun on their own.
Cuz they're so bored and just thought like,
well would happen if they did and like what, what happens if they get caught?
Yeah, but you would have to be, or if they were.
Desperate. Yeah. You'd have to be in the system.
What if they just want,
that was like their last hope and they just were hoping it would help whatever
issue they had. I'm sure that's happened both ways.
How many people have looked at the success of Scientology though and going,
I need to do something like this, but they never did probably.
A lot. It look everything.
Can you it's like a comedian looking at you being like, I, I, I should.
I wish I thought of that.
Okay.